---
date: ""
tags: 
stakeholders:
---
  

- [ ] task name:

[[abnb]]
  


**smart lock**

pots and pans

knives

4 bed side tables

lamps

4 pillows

4 duvets

2 comforter

  

**ask wells fargo if i need to keep 500 in checking**

  

[https://www.nerdwallet.com/article/credit-cards/us-bank-altitude-reserve](https://www.nerdwallet.com/article/credit-cards/us-bank-altitude-reserve)

  

1. BoFa Premium Rewards- non Apple Pay card. Use the $95 to get an American Airlines card.

  

  

I wish Airbnb would just hide the cleaning fees from guests already, and build it into the nightly rate and pretend there are "discounts" for longer stays. From my side I should set $185 cleaning fee per stay, plus $250/night and the guests should see a flat price of $435 for a 1-night stay with "no cleaning fees." A 2 night stay would come with a $92.50/night "discount" and a 3 night stay would come with a $123.33/night "discount." No "cleaning fees" just "longer-stay discounts". Works out the same but is more palatable, psychologically, for guests.

  

  

  

[https://www.mashvisor.com/blog/airbnb-automation/](https://www.mashvisor.com/blog/airbnb-automation/)

  

rent out my garage with neighbor
```simple-time-tracker

```


  
  

## Day Planner


### Morning Routine (Prepare for Work)

  **Cue:** Waking up  
  **Routine:** Sequential preparation steps  
  **Reward:** Feeling prepared and energized.  

  - [ ] 05:50 Get dressed (5 min)
  - [ ] 05:55 Walk Sheila (20 min)
  - [ ] 06:15 Feed Sheila (5 min)
  - [ ] 06:20 Commute (20 min)

### Pre-Work Activation (Boost Energy)

  **Cue:** Arriving at the workout location  
  **Routine:** Physical activation to energize  
  **Reward:** Increased alertness and readiness for the day.  

  - [ ] 06:40 Warm up (5 min)
  - [ ] 06:45 Exercise (45 min)
  - [ ] 07:30 Stretch (5 min)

### Mindfulness Transition (Calm the Mind)

  **Cue:** Ending physical exercise  
  **Routine:** Mindfulness and meditation  
  **Reward:** Calmness and mental clarity.  

  - [ ] 07:35 Meditate (5 min)
  - [ ] 07:40 Commute (20 min)

### Home Arrival Routine (Settle In)


  **Cue:** Arriving home  
  **Routine:** Personal care and breakfast  
  **Reward:** Nourishment and readiness for freelance work.  

  - [ ] 08:00 Brush teeth (3 min)
  - [ ] 08:03 Shower (15 min)
  - [ ] 08:18 Make breakfast (12 min)
  - [ ] 08:30 Take meds (2 min)

### Freelance Work Initiation (Start Productive Work)

  **Cue:** Finishing breakfast  
  **Routine:** Begin focused freelance work  
  **Reward:** Progress on work tasks.  

  - [ ] 08:45 BREAK
  - [ ] 08:50 Obsidian (10 min)
  - [ ] 09:00 Update Stephanie Hash (10 min)
  - [ ] 09:10 Deep work (1 hour)

### Mid-Morning Wind Down (Transition to Leisure/Steph Time)

  **Cue:** Completion of a work block  
  **Routine:** Task review and relaxation  
  **Reward:** A sense of accomplishment and rest.  

  - [ ] 10:25 Check tasks off (5 min)
  - [ ] 10:30 BREAK (6.5hrs)

### Afternoon Walk (Recharge and Refresh)
## Optional !!

 
  **Cue:** Ending the break  
  **Routine:** Walk with Sheila  
  **Reward:** Refreshment and physical activity.  

  - [ ] 17:00 Walk Sheila (20 min)

### Evening Routine (Unwind and Dine)

  **Cue:** Returning from walk  
  **Routine:** Dinner and relaxation  
  **Reward:** Satisfaction and relaxation.  

  - [ ] 17:20 Dinner (20 min)
  - [ ] 17:40 BREAK (1hr 37min)

### Nightly Prep (Prepare for Tomorrow)

  **Cue:** End of chill time  
  **Routine:** Prepare for the next day  
  **Reward:** Being prepared and stress-free.  

  - [ ] 19:17 Tidy up (10 min)
  - [ ] 19:27 Prepare workout outfit for next day (5 min)
  - [ ] 19:32 Prepare exercise bag (5 min)
  - [ ] 19:37 Prepare work outfit for next day (5 min)
  - [ ] 19:42 Prepare work bag (5 min)

### Bedtime Routine (Unwind and Dine)

  **Cue:** Evening time  
  **Routine:** Get ready for bed  
  **Reward:** Feeling refreshed and ready for a restful night's sleep.  

  - [ ] 19:47 Brush teeth (3 min)
  - [ ] 19:50 Charge phone/set Alexa (5 min)
  - [ ] 19:55 BREAK
  - [ ] 20:15 Close eyes (time until sleep)
